"You're just data. You're just debt. You're just attention. And that's just temporary."

Blame me for trying, try me for lying,
Lie still, still I am, am I living or dying?
Die for the help, help died in waiting,
Wait for the weight, weighted in hating.

Press me for pressing, press me for time,
Time still, still I run, am I running out of time?
Time for the tomb, wound took me in taking,
Take to the task, tasked in my waking.

Break me for breaking, break me the fall,
Fall still, still I break, am I breaking my fall?
Fall for the fame, frame fell on me in folding,
Fold for the round, found folded in fleeing.

Charge me for charging, charge me to trust,
Trust still, still I try, am I trying my trust?
Trust for the touch, touch tried me in taking,
Take to the turn, turned in my testing.

Pull me for pulling, pull me the deep,
Deep still, still I sink, am I sinking into sleep?
Sleep for the sea, she wept me in keeping,
Keep for the kind, kind in my seeking.

Freeze me for freezing, freeze me the bone,
Bone still, still I break, am I breaking all alone?
Alone for the air, air alone'd me in knowing,
Know for the need, needed in my showing.

Cut me for cutting, cut me the vein,
Vain still, still I flow, am I flowing from the pain?
Pain for the plain, plain pained me in raining,
Rain for the road, road in my draining.

Dose me for dosing, cast me the spell,
Spell still, still I sleep, am I slipping into hell?
Hell for the hold, hold held me in telling,
Tell for the time, time in my dwelling.

Tie me for tying, tie me the thread,
Thread still, still I turn, am I turning toward the dead?
Dead for the door, door deadened me in dreading,
Dread for the deep, deep in my treading.

Burn me for burning, burn me the light,
Light still, still I lie, am I lying in the night?
Night for the need, need pushed me, sliding,
Slide for the soft, downfall in my hiding.

Rent me for renting, rent me the room,
Room still, still I rest, am I resting in the ruin?
Ruin for the road, road ruined me in roaming,
Roam for the roof, roofed in my groaning.

Count me for counting, countdown to warning,
Here still, still I mourn, are they mourning this morning?
Morn for the mind, mind mourned me in dawning,
Dawn for the dusk, dusked in my wanting.

Name me for naming, name me the same,
Same still, still I seek, am I seeking the flame?
Flame for the form, form flamed me in making,
Make for the time, timed in my taking.

Bind me for binding, bind me through wage,
Age still, still I turn, am I turning the page?
Page for the pain, pain paged me in passing,
Pass for the past, past in my keeping.

Burn me for burning, burn me the light,
Light still, still I see, am I seeing the light?
Light for the last, last lit me in leaving,
Leave for the lost, lost in my living.

Pull me for pulling, down in a blink,
Deep still, still I drown, am I drowning in the drink?
Drink for the dark, dark drank me in diving,
Dive for the doom, doomed in my dying.

Tied up in trying, bound in the bored,
Swing still, still I hang, am I hanging by cords?
Hang for the hope, hope hung me in hiding,
Hide for the heard, heard in my hurting.

Trace me for pacing, trace me in lines,
White still, still I stay, am I walking the line?
Line for the land, land lined me in learning,
Learn for the ledge, ledged in my longing.

Mark me for making, make me in dark,
Me still, still I stand, am I making my mark?
Mark for the made, made marked me in moving,
Move for the more, more in my mourning.

Name me for naming, name me the same,
Same still, still I seek, am I seeking my name?
Name for the new, new named me in needing,
Need for the now, now in my nothing.

Save me for saving, save me the sound,
Sound still, still I call, am I calling out loud?
Call for the cold, cold called me in coming,
Come for the caged, caged in my calling.

Blame me for trying, try me for lying,
Lie still, still I am, am I living or dying?
Die for the help, help died in waiting,
Wait for the weight, weighted in hating.

Blame me for trying, try me for lying,
Lie still, still I am, am I dying?
